[Music]
if you want something done right
restaurant you have to do it yourself
It's Showtime that's what Patrick and
Marie thought it was their certificate
of occupancy but on the night of their
grand opening something went wrong I
quit a bet the hired help
we're no help and the kids unreal
with a restaurant to run chef's now
they're going to have to work together
improvise blue rice yeah and make the
best of a bad situation
more this is sure to be a recipe for
disaster
the gut-busting new comedy
[Music]
about three kids who go from the frying
pan into the fire
[Music]
[Applause]
recipe for disaster
when you want something done right don't
do it yourself
let the kids do it ma'am for you can eat
at seven and the other two of you can
eat at nine duh